A young man sees a sunset and, unable to understand or to express the emotion that it rouses in him, concludes that it must be the gateway to a world that lies beyond. It is difficult for any of us in moments of intense aesthetic experience to resist the suggestion that we are catching a glimpse of a light that shines down to us from a different realm of existence, different and, because the experience is intensely moving, in some way higher. And, though the gleams blind and dazzle, yet they do convey a hint of beauty and serenity greater than we have known or imagined. Greater too than we can describe, for language, which was invented to convey the meanings of this world, cannot readily be fitted to the uses of another.
That all great art has this power of suggesting a world beyond is undeniable. In some moods, nature shares it. There is no sky in June so blue that it does not point forward to a bluer, no sunset so beautiful that it does not wake the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves an indefinable longing and regret. But, if this world is not merely a bad joke, life a vulgar flare amid the cool radiance of the stars, and existence an empty laugh braying across the mysteries, if these intimations of a something behind and beyond are not evil humor born of indigestion, or whimsies sent by the devil to mock and madden us, if, in a word, beauty means something, yet we must not seek to interpret the meaning. If we glimpse the unutterable, it is unwise to try to utter it, nor should we seek to invest with significance that which we cannot grasp. Beauty is in the terms of human meanings is meaningless.
Don't Give Up
If we should ever accomplish anything in life, let us not forget that we must persevere. 
If we would learn our lessons in school, we must be diligent and not give up whenever we come to anything difficult. 
We shall find many of our lessons very hard, but let us consider that the harder they are the better they will do to us if we will persevere and learn them thoroughly.  
But there are some among us who are ready to give up when they come to a hard example in mathematics, and say, "I can't do this." 
They never will if they feel so. 
I can't never did anything worth while; but I'll try accomplish wonders. 
Let us remember that we shall meet with difficulties all through life.  
They are in the pathway of everyone. 
If we will only try and keep trying, we shall be sure to conquer and overcome every difficulty we meet with. 
If we have a hard lesson today, let us strive to learn it well and then we shall be prepared for a harder one tomorrow. 
And if we learn to master hard lessons in school, it will prepare us to overcome the hard things that we shall meet in life, when our school days are over. 
3. Every Living Person Has Problems 
(Every mountain has a peak) 
What is the secret ingredient of tough people that enables them to succeed? Why do they survive the tough times when others are overcome by them? Why do they win when others lose? Why do they soar when others sink? 
The answer is very simple. It’s all in how they perceive their problems. Yes, every living person has problems. A problem-free life is an illusion- a mirage in the desert. Accept that fact. 
Every mountain has a peak. Every valley has its low point. Life has its ups and downs, its peaks and its valleys. No one is up all the time, nor are they down all the time. Problems do end. They are all resolved in time. 
You may not be able to control the times, but you can compose your responses. You can turn your pain into profanity -or into poetry. The choice is up to you.You may not have chosen your tough time, but you can choose how you will react to it. For instance, what is the positive reaction to a terrible financial setback? In this situation would it be the positive reaction to cop out and run away? Escape through alcohol, drug, or suicide? No! such negative reactions only produce greater problems by promising a temporary solution to the pressing problem. The positive solution to a problem may require courage to initiate it. When you control your reaction to the seemingly uncontrollable problem of life, them in fact you do control the problem's effect on you. Your reaction to the problem is the last word! That's the bottom line. What will you let this problem do to you? It can make you tender or tough. It can make you better or bitter. It all depends on you. 
In the final analysis, the tough people who survive the tough times do so because they've chosen to react positively to their predicament. Tough times never last, but tough people do. Tough people stick it out. History teaches us that every problem has a lifespan. No problem is permanent. Storms always give way to the sun. Winter always thaws into springtime. Your storm will pass. Your winter will thaw. Your problem will be solved.
4. Helen Keller & Anne Sullivan
The most important day I remember in all my life is the one on which my teacher,Anne Mansfield Sullivan,came to me.I am filled with wonder when I consider the immeasurable contrasts between two lives which it connects.It was the third of March,1887,three months before I was seven years old!
On the afternoon of that eventful day,I stood on the porch,dump,expectant.I guessed vaguely from my mother's signs and from the hurrying to and fro in the house that something was about to happen,so I went to the door,and waited on the steps.The afternoon sun penetrated the mass honeysuckle that covered the porch,and fell on my upturned face.My fingers lingered almost unconsciously on the familiar leaves and blossoms which had just come forth to greet the meet Southern spring.I did not know what the future held of marvel or surprise for me.Anger and bitterness had preyed upon me continually for weeks and a deep languor succeed passionate struggle!
Have you ever at sea in a dense fog,when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in,and the great ship,tense and anxious,groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line,and you waited with beating heart for something to happen?I was like the ship before my education began,only I was without compass or sounding-line,and had no way of knowing how near the harbor was."Light!Give me light"was the wordless cry of my soul,and the light of love shone on me in that very hour!
What I Have Lived For?
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love ,the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a deep ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair. I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy -- ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it , next, because it relieves loneliness-- that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world , into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it, finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what -- at last -- I have found. With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much I have achieved
Love and knowledge , so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a hated burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, and I'm too suffer.
This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered to me.
